Hi Ling Ling, what are you doing?
I'm entering a competition.
What kind of competition?
A speaking competition.
Great.
It will help you improve your speaking.
And maybe you will win a prize.
The first prize is my dream holiday.
Have you ever won any prizes before?
No, I haven't.
I've always wanted to go on a dream holiday.
But I can't afford it.
The plane ticket's too expensive.
Well, good luck.
I've also entered lots of speaking competitions, but haven't won any prizes.
I've stopped trying now.
That's a pity.
Have you ever thought about other kinds of competitions?
What do you mean?
Look, here's a writing competition around the world in 80 days.
To win it, you need to write a short story about a place you visited.
That sounds wonderful, but I haven't travelled much.
How can I write about it?
Don't worry.
It doesn't need to be true.
You can make it up.
You're right.
I'll try.
I hope I will win.
Then I will invite you to come with me.
Sorry.
The first prize is only the book called around the world in 80 days.